# Treasure Hunt!

Treasure! Now that you have your mind set, it's all so obvious! You've
been worrying all summer how your family is going to make it through
the winter. With the crops failed from the drought, it's looking
pretty grim for your parents and your little brother. And for
yourself! Winter is no joke around here, it's a rare one where the
snow does *not* reach the top of the chimney.

Your family relies on the wheat harvest, both for food and for some
extra money to buy the things you need. But rain never came this year,
and the wheat never matured, no matter how much water you hauled from
the river, over a mile away. Your brother's too small to realize the
gravity of the situation, but you can see the terror in your parents'
faces.

But there are other ways to make it than farming. You've heard the
rumors at the market, of vast wealth hidden in the lands around your
village. If you could even bring back a fraction of what's described
in the tales, your family would never have to farm again! There's the
ruins of the [old castle deep in the forest](./CastleStart.md). The
smith has talked many times about the
[abandonded Dwarf fortress in the mountains](./DwarfStart.md). And
then there's
[Howling Island, in the middle of Knotted Lake](./IslandStart.md);
Supposedly King Olaf left his fortune there, fleeing from some
un-named calamity.

Should you succeed at any of those, you would return a hero and save
your family. All that remains is to pick one and set off for fame and
fortune - which shall it be?
